[DOC] Small fixes. (#17)
seqan/learning-resources: doc/nanocourse/bitvectors.md

# Bitvectors

Bitvectors are fundamental in the implementation of most compact data structures because of their compactness.

> For example, they can be used to mark positions of an array or they encode and compress data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, they can be used to mark positions of an array or to encode and compress data.
```

which returns either `0` or `1` depending on the bit at position `i`.

We now face the problem that we do not store single bits but groups of 64 bits in one `uint64_t` integer.

> For example, if the data vector would contain an number, e.g. `data = [17]`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the data vector contains an number, e.g. `data = [17]`,
```

Reviewer: Strange vector syntax

> the 64 bit binary representation of `17` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the 64 bit binary representation of `17` will be
```
